{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/1388.pdf"}, "page_content": "performance in the electronic fabric, the wettability of the hydrophilic and hydrophobic nanofiber membranes is evalu- ated first. FIG. 12 exhibits the cross-sectional image of the electronic fabric with the thickness of about 15 and 60 um for the hydrophobic C-PVDF nanofbers layer with MXene/ CNTs conductive layer and superhydrophilic PAN nanofbers layer, respectively. FIGS. 2A-2B show the water contact angle (WCA) change of each single layer with time increas- ing. On the PAN nanofibrous layer, the WCA dynamically decreases from ~31\u00b0 initially to 0\u00b0 within 2.1 seconds, showing the superhydrophilicity of the nanofibrous PAN. The C-PVDF layer indicates the stable hydrophobic behav- ior. The water droplet with an initial WCA of 138\u00b0 and no obvious spreading on the hydrophobic C-PVDF nanofibers are observed. The water transport capability of the electronic fabric is monitored by the dynamic transfer process of water droplet on both sides of fabric. When a water drop contacted the hydrophobic C-PVDF layer, the water is pumped over the hydrophobic side and wetted the superhydrophilic PAN nanofbers side in about 18 s (FIG. 2C). In contrast, when the electronic fabric is flipped and the water droplet contacted the superhydrophilic nanofibrous PAN layer, the water drop- let is blocked and spread over the superhydrophilic nanofi- bers without penetrating the hydrophobic C-PVDF nanofi- bers (FIG. 3D). These results suggest that the electronic fabric can transport liquid unidirectionally from the hydro- phobic side to the superhydrophilic side. Therefore, the thickness of the C-PVDF nanofibers layer can be regulated to assess the thickness effect on directional water transport performance. When the thickness of the C-PVDF increased to 18 wm, the water droplet transferred from the upper hydrophobic layer to the downward hydrophilic layer in 25 s because of great hydrophobic force (FIG. 13A). When the thickness of the C-PVDF increased to 30 um, the water droplet cannot be", "type": "Document"}}