{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/064-1539005(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "nated with the same numeral references and redundant description will be omitted. [0020] The present invention relates generally to the correction of spinal deformities. According to the present invention, a constant or substantially constant force can be provided for spinal deformity correction. Such a cor- rection force is capable of gradually counteracting the viscoelastic phenomenon of the spine. Accordingly, the present invention is capable of fully or substantially fully correcting spinal deformities. Such correction can be car- ried out with or without further manipulation of the cor- rection force after the correction force is applied to the deformed spine portion. A superelastic or pseudoelastic material is used to provide a constant or substantially constant correction force or a similar force, which can be applied to a deformed spine portion. The constant cor- rection force so provided is capable of gradually and con- tinuously correcting spinal deformities. In an exemplary embodiment, a NiTi alloy can be used to provide a con- stant or substantially constant and controllable correction force. It will be appreciated that other embodiment of su- perelastic or pseudoelastic materials are also within the scope of the present invention. [0021] Various methods can be used to form supere- lastic or pseudoelastic materials that are capable of pro- viding a constant correction force. For example, a su- perelastic or pseudoelastic material can be formed by mechanically deform or otherwise physically deform a material beyond its elastic limit but within its plastic limit. The material can be allowed to return to the body tem- perature through heating or gradual warming using any conventional heating mean. Transformation will occur when the material returns to its initial shape to thereby form a superelastic or pseudoelastic material, which can be used for correcting spinal deformities. The transfor- mation can take place instantaneously or over a period of time", "type": "Document"}}