{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/777-WO2021087651A1(Filed) not sealed.pdf"}, "page_content": "fixated ROI Thus, eye movements may be considered a Markov stochastic process, which can be better understood using HMMs. Other studies have used HMMs/probabilistic models for modeling eye movement/visual attention and cognitive behavior, where hidden states of the models represented cognitive states. In contrast, EMHMM of the instant invention directly uses HMMs to model eye movement data, and hidden states of the models directly correspond to ROIs of eye movements. To account for individual differences, each person\u2019s eye movement pattern 1s summarized using an HMM in terms of both person-specific ROIs and transitions among the ROIs, estimated from the individual\u2019s data using a variational Bayesian approach that can automatically determine the number of ROIs. Individual HMMs are clustered according to their similarities to reveal common strategies. Differences among models are quantitatively assessed using likelihood measures, which reflect similarities among individual patterns. Thus, this method is particularly suitable for examining individual differences in eye movement patterns and their associations with other cognitive measures. Furthermore, because EMHMM is a Bayesian probabilistic model it works well with limited amounts of data; in contrast to deep learning methods that require large amounts of data to train effectively. The EMHMM of the instant invention has been applied to face recognition research, discovering novel findings thus far not revealed by existing methods. For example, two common eye movement strategies were identified: analytic (more eyes-focused) and holistic nose-focused (FIGURE 1A). Asians and Caucasians did not differ significantly in the frequency of adopting the two strategies, suggesting little modulation from culture (Chuk al., 2017). Analytic patterns were associated with better recognition performance, suggesting that retrieval of diagnostic information (1.e., the eyes) is a better predictor for performance (Chuk, Chan, & Hsiao,", "type": "Document"}}