{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/104-US7,495,414(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "pick up a sufficiently large voltage from the primary circuit at high frequency (950 kHz). The use of such high frequency leads to many shortcomings such as high AC resistance in the windings, reduced energy efficiency, high switching losses and high EMI emission in both primary and secondary cir- cuits. Unlike the standard secondary winding used in this prior art, the winding of the present invention (FIGS. 11 and. 12) serves as both an energy pick-up coil and a resonant inductor (Lr). A small AC capacitor (Cr) is connected in series (or possibly in parallel in FIG. 13 (FIG. 135 ) with this coil (an inductor) as shown shows a circuit diagram 1311 of FIG. 13a) to form a resonant tank, which is then connected to the diode rectifier with a DC capacitor (Cdc). The diode rectifier turns the resonant AC voltage picked up by the resonant tank into a DC voltage and the DC capacitor reduces the voltage ripple in order to maintain a fairly stiff DC voltage for the charging circuit. It should be noted that the diode rectifier can be of a standard type as shown in FIG. 13(4), or it can be of a type 1312 with voltage doubling (sometimes called voltage doubler) as shown in FIG. 13(c). The use of a voltage regu-\n\nA further proposal in this invention is to incorporate the resonant capacitor Cr, the diode rectifier and the DC capacitor Cdc into the existing charging protection circuit as shown in FIG. 15. In this way, the two terminals 1500, 1502 of the secondary winding can simply be connected to the inputs of the modified charging protection circuit 1504. The DC power terminals 1506, 1508 of a traditional power adaptor or charger, if used, will be connected to IN+ 1510 and IN- 1512 of the modified circuit as usual (FIG. 15). This arrangement further simplifies the manufacturing process of the battery pack that will now become compatible with the inductive battery charging platform of FIG. 2 with perpendicular mag- netic flux well traditional", "type": "Document"}}