{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/064-US7,976,568(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "If desired, the support member can be restricted from undesired movement or rotation. The restriction can be car- ried out in various manners. For example, one or more restraining elements can be provided to prevent the support member from undesired movement or rotation. In one exem- plary embodiment, the restraining element can comprise one or more locking elements, such as lockable clamps, which are capable of preventing the support member from further movement. Additionally or alternatively, the restraining ele- ment can comprise a stopper element to prevent the support member from rotating beyond a pre-defined position. The restraining element can be operated in various manners. In an exemplary embodiment, the restraining element can be oper- ated by a direct access tool, such as a screw driver. In another exemplary embodiment, the restraining element can be oper- ated by a remote access tool, such as an electromagnetic heating device. It will be appreciated that other embodiments of the restraining element are also within the scope of the invention.\n\nThe support member 10 can be secured to the spine 2 as a support for the correction device 1. For example, the support member 10 can be fixed onto one or more vertebrae by one or more securing elements 20. Exemplary securing elements 20 can include, but are not limited to, hooks, screws, wires, clamps, and the like. In an exemplary embodiment, the sup- port member 10 can be an elongated member, which is capable of spanning the deformed spine portion 4 or other- wise bridging between a proximal end 6 and a distal end 8 of the spine 2. The end portions 16 and 18 of the support member 10 can be fixed to an upper vertebra 6 and a lower vertebra 8 to thereby mount the correction device 1 onto the spine 2. In another exemplary embodiment, the support member 10 can be fixed to the vertebrae at multiple locations.", "type": "Document"}}