{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/221 re (Done on website already).pdf"}, "page_content": "FIG. 35 illustrates a flowchart of an exemplary methodol- ogy that can facilitate rectifying an input power signal in accordance with various aspects of the disclosed subject mat- ter.\n\nanti-parallel diode and can have low on-state resistance. One example switch that can be employed is a MOSFET which has an inherent body diode in its structure. Ifeach current loop of the rectifier circuit has at least one current-controlled gate drive, the combined actions of the MOSFET and its body diode can offer the diode functions (e.g., diode rectification functions) at low conduction loss. This can allow the low on-state resistance of the MOSFET to carry the current most of the time in a conducting period except for two small time regions at the beginning and the end of the conducting period in which the body diode of the MOSFET will conduct instead. Using the 10 A application as an example, when the current is high (e.g., 0.5 A to 10 A in a 10 A application), the PR,,,, conduction loss for the MOSFET is reduced. If the MOSFET is controlled to conduct the current in the range of 0.5 A to 10 A, the conduction is reduced when compared with that of a power diode. When the current in the MOSFET drops to less than a certain predefined value (e.g., 0.5 A), the MOSFET is turned off and its body diode will take over (e.g., carry) the current at the expense of a relatively low conduction loss because the current is small, wherein conduction loss is deter- mined as V,x1,. If the body diode current is reversed, this body diode will be turned off similar to a normal power diode after the current reverse-recovery process is completed. In this way, the combined actions of the MOSFET and its body diode can emulate the diode behavior with a low-loss con- duction mechanism and a diode natural turn-off mechanism, respectively. Since this current-controlled MOSFET can behave like a power diode, there is no need to include addi- tional timing or control circuit to determine the type or nature", "type": "Document"}}