{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/723-US20210044791A1(Pending) re (Done on website already).pdf"}, "page_content": "synthesized videos, which can be based on three major components: spatio-temporal distortion measurement, flicker distortion measurement, and pooling algorithm. The pooling algorithm may integrate the spatio-temporal distor- tion and flicker distortion (and their measurements) of the synthesized video to assess the quality of synthesized video. Measurement of flicker distortion includes considering the geometrical distortion and temporal flickering artifacts from color and depth video distortions. The flicker distortion measurement may include 5 main stages, namely: Temporal Layer Conversion, Gradient Feature Extraction, Depth Image based Flicker Distortion Area Detection, Sparse Rep- resentation for Flicker Distortion Features, and Weighted Pooling for Temporal Layers. The synthesized video can be regarded as 3D volumetric data with the spatial, temporal and time dimensions (X, Y, T). Then Temporal Layer Conversion can be used to extract X-T or Y-T planes for temporal flickering detection. The synthesized video data (XYT) can be decomposed as multiple XT or YT planes. The Gradient Feature Extraction and Depth Image based Flicker Distortion Area Detection detect candidate flickering regions and/or flickering features in the synthesized videos in XT or YT planes. The gradient feature of the depth map may be used as the feature to locate the flickering regions. Sparse representation can be adopted to represent the flick- ering features in 3D synthesized videos, in which the ampli- tude and phase information can be jointly used to X-T or Y-T planes. The sparse representation can be 3D sparse repre- sentation, which is more complex, or 2D sparse represen- tation (to X-T or Y-T planes to capture the temporal flick- ering features in synthesized video), which is less complex hence more computationally efficient. Amplitude and phase information the learned 2D sparse representation can used to represent the temporal flickering features. A weighted function can be used for", "type": "Document"}}