{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/1404.pdf"}, "page_content": "[0116] examples, of at two same subwavelength unit may be in the radiating state to radiate electromagnetic waves. In some examples, only one or some of the at least two slots of the same subwavelength unit may be in the radiating state to radiate electromagnetic waves. In some examples, all of the at least two slots of the same subwavelength unit may be in the non-radiating state. The control arrangements may be operably connected with hence controlled by the controller 10. In some embodiments, the at least two slots of the same subwavelength unit may have generally the same shape and/or size. For example, each of the at least two slots of the same subwavelength unit may be shaped as a loop, which may be generally elliptical, generally obround, generally oblong, generally oval, gener- ally triangular, generally rectangular (e.g., squared), gener- ally polygonal, etc. In some embodiments, each of the at least two slots of the same subwavelength unit may have different orientations. For example, one of the slots may extend generally along an axis and another one of the slots may extend generally along another axis that is at an angle (e.g., acute angle, right angle, etc.) to the axis. In one example, the angle is about 90 degrees. In some embodi- ments, each of the at least two slots of the same subwave- length unit may be operable to radiate electromagnetic waves with a respective polarization state. For example, one of the slots may be operable to radiate electromagnetic waves with a first eigen-polarization state (e.g., first linear polarization state) and another one of the slots may be operable to radiate electromagnetic waves with a second eigen-polarization state (e.g., second linear polarization state) orthogonal to the first eigen-polarization state. For each subwavelength unit, its control arrangements may each include at least two control elements operably coupled with the corresponding slot for affecting operation of the corre- sponding slot. The at", "type": "Document"}}