{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/189-US8,264,270(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "The method comprises: identifying a part of the electronic circuit or system that exhibits capacitance. This can be achieved through testing the circuit or system using known techniques. Alternatively, identification may merely com- prise a recognition that a particular component such as a capacitor is designed to exhibit capacitance and that said leve! of capacitance is a designed feature of said component. A skilled person will be familiar with the many methods o. identifying parts of a circuit or system or components of a circuit or system that exhibit some degree of capacitance. The method also comprises determining a value of a series para- sitic effect associated with said part of the electronic circuit or system that exhibits capacitance. There are a wide range o. methods for measuring parasitic inductance and again one skilled in the art will be familiar with how such measure is determined or measured. For example, from Joseph J. Carr, \u201cSecrets of RF Circuit Design,\u201d page 315, 2000, incorporate herein by reference, it is known to connect a tracking genera- tor and a spectrum analyzer across a component or part of a circuit exhibiting capacitance as a means of determining its series or parasitic inductance. Alternatively, parasitic induc- tance can be measured using a conventional inductance-ca- acitance-resistance (LCR) meter which typically has high resolution and is easy to use Alternatively, ECE331 \u201cElectro- magnetics Laboratory\u2014Parasitic Inductance,\u201d incorporated herein by reference, there is disclosed a method of determin- ing or measuring parasitic inductance where the level of para- sitic inductance is too small for measurement by a typical RLC meter. Another alternative is Time-domain reflectom- etry (TDR) which is commonly used as a convenient method of determining the characteristic impedance ofa transmission line or quantifying reflections caused by discontinuities along or at the termination of a transmission line. TDR can also be used to", "type": "Document"}}