{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/750-US20210119342(Pending) re (Done on website already).pdf"}, "page_content": "slotted patches. Each of the patches 204B, 204C is generally rectangular and includes a rectangular slot. The two side patches 204B, 204C are symmetrically disposed about the axis of symmetry (in x-direction) of the main patch 204A. The two side patches 204B, 204C are also aligned with the main patch 204A in that their top edges (in the x-direction) are on the same level and their bottom edges (in the x-direction) are on the same level. Each of the slotted patches 204B, 204C has a length of L, and width of W,, and is respectively spaced apart from the edge of the main patch 204A by a distance S,. The rectangular slot has a length of\n\nantenna in one embodiment of the invention. The filter- antenna could be the one in FIGS. 2A to 2D. The method 300 includes, in step 302, forming a microstrip antenna, and in step 304, integrating, in the microstrip antenna, an absorp- tive filter for absorbing or dissipating energy. The two steps 302, 304 may be carried out in the order stated, or simul- taneously. The microstrip antenna may be a patch antenna. In one example, forming the microstrip antenna includes processing a PCB substrate (substrate+metallic layers on opposite faces of the substrate). Specifically forming the microstrip antenna may include forming a microstrip net- work on a first face of a substrate of the microstrip antenna, forming a defected microstrip structure in the microstrip network, and/or forming a defected ground structure on a ground plane on a second, opposite face of the microstrip antenna. The absorptive filter may be integrated in the substrate by forming (e.g., drilling) a hole in the substrate, then arranging the filter element in the hole. The filter element of the absorptive filter can be arranged substantially completely in the hole. Electric connections between the filter element and the ground plane may be formed by soldering or welding. Likewise, Electric connections between the filter element and the microstrip network", "type": "Document"}}