{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/741-US20210122091(Pending).pdf"}, "page_content": "principle of CECE, in which a closed-loop structure is used as a master (FIG. 1A and FIG. 1B). Distinct from existing methods, CECE is a two-phase process (FIG. 1A and FIG. 1E) characterized by two curing stages of the elastomer (FIG. 1B and FIG. 5). The images in the upper row of FIG. 1A present the spontaneous formation of a crack in the elastomer in Phase I when the closed loop is peeled off during the preparation of the polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) mold of the master structure. The elastomer is cured at low temperature to give rise to a relatively lower density of crosslinking and looser macromolecular packing. The Young's modulus of as-prepared elastomer is more than one order of magnitude lower than that of the closed-loop master microstructure, and at least lower than the latter, which ensures that cracks are developed in the elastomer rather than in the master. During the peeling-off process, cracks are generated along the direction of the vertical peeling force. Since the subsequent molding process involves relatively high pressure, the elastomer mold needs to be self-sealable. Thus, to translate the intermediate elastomer into a mature mold for the creation of 3D structure, an additional curing step at higher temperatures, denoted as Phase II, to enhance the stiffness, self-sealing, and configurability of the elasto- mer is provided. In this way, the crack keeps self-sealing during molding and regains its original shape after this entire process, and the shape and size of the as-formed elastic crack can be dynamically manipulated in Phase II, where a molding process is used to create a replica of the master. On the other hand, Phase I is proven necessary, as without it cracks are randomly formed without the preferred config- urability, which is similar to the case of conventional soft", "type": "Document"}}