{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/752-US20210126556(Pending) re (Done on website already).pdf"}, "page_content": "superior performances in our design according to the present invention indicates that the TIDE-G is empowered by a unique working mechanism. In order to demonstrate the mechanism, a graph of time-dependent evolution of the measured current was plotted. Please see FIGS. 3a and 35. Upon its contact with the PTFE, there is no apparent current output from the spreading droplet, exhibiting a switching-off state. Such a process is essentially the conventional contact electrification in which the charge generation is limited by an interfacial effect. Then the current exhibits a large accel- eration with a pronounced peak up to 410.1 LA at t,,=-0 ms, transiting into a switching-on state. More interesting char- acterization can be obtained by careful synchronization of droplet spreading dynamics and current response as well as mapping the time-dependent variation of charges flowing between PTFE/ITO and drain electrode with the current- time curve. Further inspection also shows that the sharp increase in the current originates from the contact of the spreading droplet with the drain electrode. Such a sudden jump in current is reminiscence of the directional and rapid transfer of positive charges from the ITO electrode to the drain terminal, which is validated by our experimental measurement. Please see FIG. 3c. As shown, there is a rapid increase in the measured charges which is concurrent with the pattern observed on the current flow. With the progres- sion of droplet spreading, positive charges transfer sustains until reaching another critical time point t,,,.=2.1 ms, which is associated with a maximum spreading area A,,,,.=2.72 cm? (FIG, 34), a zero current and a maximum Q,,,4,=59.3 nC (FIG. 3c). Interestingly, with the retraction and sliding of the droplet, the positive current turns to negative, accompanied by a gradual drop in charges, indicating the occurrence of the back flow of positive charges from the drain electrode to ITO. When the droplet fully detaches from", "type": "Document"}}