{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/032-US6,888,438(Active).pdf"}, "page_content": "The tangential (H,) and normal (H,) components of magnetic field intensity near the boundary between the ferrite plate and free space, at R=1 mm, are plotted in FIG. 6. The tangential H-field (H,) is about 23.2 dB and is continuous at the boundary. The normal component of the H-field (H,) in the free space is about 31.5 dB and that inside the ferrite plate is about 12.5 dB at the boundary. The normal component of the H-field is, therefore, about 8% of the resultant H-field inside the ferrite plate at the boundary. Thus, the ferrite plate alone cannot completely guide the H-field in the tangential direction. As described in (3), the normal component of the H-field in the free space is 80 times larger than that in the ferrite plate at the boundary. From the simulated results in FIG. 6, the normal component of the magnetic field intensity in the free space is about 19 dB, ie. 79.4 times, higher than that inside the ferrite plate. Thus, both simulated results and theory described in (3) show that the using ferrite plates only is not an effective way to shield the magnetic field generated from the planar transformer.\n\nThe magnetic field intensity generated from the shielded PCB transformers is simulated with a 2D field simulator using, a finite-element-method (FEM). A cylindrical coordi- nates system is chosen in the magnetic field simulation. The drawing model, in R-Z plane, of the PCB transformer shown in FIG. 4 is applied in the field simulator. The z-axis is the axis of symmetry, which passes through the center of the transformer windings. In the 2D simulation, the spiral cir- cular conductive tracks are approximated as concentric circular track connected in series. The ferrite plates and the insulating layers adopted in the simulation model are in a circular shape, instead of in a square shape in the trans- former prototype. The ferrite plates and the insulating layers may be made of any conventional materials. A. Transformer Shielded with Ferrite Plates", "type": "Document"}}