{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/090-US8,119,208(active) - cannot publish on website.pdf"}, "page_content": "voltage to the sample holder 6 an electric field is established. that serves both to ionize the sulfur vapor entering the implan- tation chamber 2, and also to accelerate the resulting sulfur ions towards the surface of the sample. FIG. 2 shows as an example the potential distribution between the negatively charged sample holder 6 marked B in the Figure, and the grounded exit opening 3 marked A in the Figure when a negative voltage of 15 kV is applied to the sample holder 6. Electrons formed by the ionization of the sulfur vapor will move in the direction that the potential changes the fastest and the force on them is along the direction of an equipotential surface. Secondary electrons will also be emitted from the sample holder 6 and these electrons will also travel in the same direction and will move towards the exit opening 3 which forms the anode. The electrons resulting from the ionization of the sulfur vapor and the secondary electrons from the sample holder 6 will thus be focused on the outlet 3 and will form the electron cloud 20 shown in FIG. 1. The presence of this electron cloud 20 will in turn further assist in the generation of sulfur ions by the interaction of the electron cloud with the sulfur vapor exiting the exit opening 3. FIG. 3 illustrates the potential (shown on the y axis) between the holder 6 the and the exit 3\n\nIt will also be noted that as particles in the implantation c! implantation takes place if the amber 2 are used up, the pres- sure in the implantation chamber will fall and if it falls below the breakdown pressure the glow discharge will fail and the implantation process will stop until the pressure in the implantation chamber rises above the breakdown pressure again. To achieve stable operation therefore there should be sufficient vaporized atoms in the implantation chamber such that Pump>Poreakuowm That is to say", "type": "Document"}}