{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/1404.pdf"}, "page_content": "pic meta-atom of the metasurface antenna 400. In this example, to facilitate integration with other components, the substrate integrated waveguide as the wave-guiding struc- ture, which uses multiple parallel rows of metallic via holes and a thin dielectric substrate to realize the generally rect- angular and planar waveguide. Two +45\u00b0 inclined elliptical slot openings are etched on the top metallic surface of the substrate integrated waveguide. The lattice size of the unit cell along the x-direction is 2 mm, corresponding to 0.158Ap. Each slot opening operates as a polarizable magnetic dipole, of which the extracted electric field polarization is perpen- dicular to the long side of the slot. The slot meta-atom is designed to be at an off-resonance state by tuning the geometric parameters of the slot opening. Four PIN diodes (MACOMMADP-000907-14020x) are placed across the capacitive gaps of the slot openings in each meta-atom. A DC bias circuit is integrated into the meta-atom design. The circuit includes a fan-shaped bias line (for RF choking) on the bottom biasing circuitry and a control via connecting the top meta-atom to the bottom biasing circuitry. In this example, the vias fences in the substrate integrated wave- guide are utilized as the control vias to alleviate the pertur- bation of the bias network on the guided wave. The two PIN diodes in the same slot opening are biased in the same state, while the PIN diodes in different inclined slot openings are biased and controlled independently. In one example, the universal metasurface antenna 400 includes 41 meta-atoms with 164 PIN diodes. In this example, a FPGA control board (ALTERA Cyclone [V) can be operably coupled with the universal metasurface antenna 400 for controlling its opera- tion. The FPGA control board is arranged to generate 82 independent control signals (two independent control sig- nals for each anisotropic meta-atom) to control the ON-OFF states of the PIN diodes and the radiating states of", "type": "Document"}}