{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/064-US7,976,568(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "According to one aspect of the present invention, a correc- tion device can be provided for correcting spinal deformities. The correction device can be formed in various manners. In an embodiment, the correction device can comprise one or more elastic members that is capable of providing a constant or substantially constant correction force. For example, a superelastic or pseudoelastic material can be used to provide a constant or substantially constant correction force. In an exemplary embodiment, the correction device can comprise one or more correction member formed of a superelastic or pseudoelastic or a similar material to afford such a correction force. The superelastic or pseudoelastic material can acquire the required superelasticity or pseudoelasticity, such as by thermal or thermal mechanical treatment. For example, the superelastic or pseudoelastic material can have a transition temperature within the range of body temperature. In an exemplary embodiment, a NiTi alloy can be used. Various manners of constructing the correction device will be described in detail below.\n\nIf desired, the magnitude of the correction force can be adjusted or varied in various manners. For example, the cor- rection force can be varied by altering the size and shape of the support member. In one exemplary embodiment, the cor- rection force can be adjusted by using support members of different diameters. In another exemplary embodiment, the correction force can be adjusted by using support members of different cross-sections. Additionally or alternatively, a sepa- rate device can be used to adjust the correction force. For example, a braking element can be applied to the support member to dampen the correction force. It will be appreciated that other embodiments of adjusting the magnitude of the correction force are also within the scope of the present inven- tion.", "type": "Document"}}