{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/161-US7,915,858(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "the receiver winding 8 should be larger than the transmitter windings 7 in the sense that the receiver winding 8 should. enclose a greater area than a transmitter winding 7, (ii) the receiver winding 8 must fully cover at least one transmitter winding 7 wherever the electronic load is placed on the charg- ing surface of the charging pad and (iii) one transmitter wind- ing 7 is sufficient to provide enough power transfer to charge the battery of an electronic device intended to be chargeable on the charging pad. In this example, it is assumed that the receiver winding 8 is circular. However, the skilled reader will understand that the receiver winding 8 can be of other shapes such as any polygonal shape such as a rectangular shape, or it may be an oval shape as illustrated in FIG. 4. FIG. 4 shows typical examples of receiver windings of rectangular and circular shape. The receiver winding is embedded inside the electronic device (or at least with a battery if the battery is to be charged separately from the device) for mutual coupling with the transmitter winding. In other words, the transmitter winding is equivalent to the primary winding ofa transformer and the receiver winding is equivalent to the secondary wind-\n\nThe basic concept of the localized charging principle is to energize only the relevant transmitter windings that are directly underneath the receiving windings of the electronic loads for energy transfer. In other words, the localized charg- ing principle is load-position dependent. It only energizes the areas on the charging surface where the electronic loads are placed. In preferred embodiments of this invention, it is pro- posed to energize only one transmitter winding for each elec- tronic load or at least only those covered by the electronic load. This offers the following advantages:", "type": "Document"}}