{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/221 re (Done on website already).pdf"}, "page_content": "system system 2100 in FIG. 21) during the time period of time t, to ts. After time t,, the voltage v,,, can drop lower than zero volts, and when the voltage v,,, drops lower than zero voltage, the current in the resistor Rg can change its direction. The voltage Vacio can begin to decrease from voltage V, thereby indicat- ing that the transistor Q, is turned from an on state to an off state, and the transistor Q,, is turned from an off state to an on state. While at or near time t,, the voltage vz--; can reach voltage V and can be clamped at the voltage of capacitor C, by the base-collector p-n junction of the transistor Q,. Mean- while, during the time period of time ta to ts, the source drain diode of the switch 2102 (M, ) can be tured from an on state to an off state, and the source drain diode of the switch 2104 (M,) can switch from an off state to an on state and can begin to conduct. This time period can end when voltage vacio drops down to an applicable predefined threshold switching voltage for the switch Mo to switch the switch Me from an off\n\nTurning to FIG. 25B, depicted is operation of the system 2500 (and the system 2100 in FIG. 21) during the time period of time t, to t,. During this time period, when the voltage v_,, reaches (e.g., drops down to) a lower voltage level than the voltage V after time t,, the current in the resistor R, can change its direction. As a result, the transistor Q, can be turned to an on state from an off state, and the transistor Q, can switch from an on state to an off state. The voltage vgcs can begin to be charged up from a zero voltage to a higher voltage level. Due at least in part to the diode D, and the transistor Q,, the gate-source voltage of the switch Ms can follow or can have a voltage level that can be based at least in part on the voltage v,,.;. At or near the end of the time period of time ti to t,, the gate-source voltage of the switch Ms can reach its predefined gate threshold switching voltage level, at", "type": "Document"}}