{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/123-US9,535,057(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "time consuming and labor intensive. The simplest method is to use a stopwatch to count number of heart beat per minute under conventional light microscope or stereomicroscope (Langheinrich et al. 2003). An image analysis method of digital movie of heart has been developed (Milan et al. 2003). Average pixel intensity of a particular region of heart was measured. Fast Fourier transform of these data was performed to determine the heart rate. Beside heart rate, other cardiac parameters, e.g. cardiac output, hemodynamics and electrical properties, have been developed (reviewed by (Schwerte and Fritsche. 2003)). Cardiac output, an impor- tant parameter of cardiac physiology, can be determined. non-invasively in transparent zebrafish embryos by calcu- lation of the ventricular volume during cardiac cycle by filming the beating ventricle. The formula of volume calcu- lation requires the length of axes of ventricle which can be obtained by outlining the ventricle manually or automati- cally with the assistance of a computer program. Hemody- namics as determined by blood pressure can be measured. using servo-null micropressure system. In the system, a glass capillary filled with a NaCl solution of high concen- tration is inserted into the blood vessels of interest using a micromanipulator. Pressure change in the blood vessel will move the interface between the plasma and NaC] solution, resulting in the change of electrical resistance of the elec- trode inside the glass capillary. Recently, methodology for measuring electrical properties in zebrafish embryos has been developed (Forouhar et al. 2004). In the methodology, five day old embryos are mounted on their dorso-ventral orientation and two electrodes are positioned using a micro- manipulator, one on the body surface outside the heart and. another reference electrode in the surrounding solution. However, these methods are also time-consuming and labor\n\nBACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION", "type": "Document"}}