{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/194-US8,482,214(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "Regardless of whether a single-stage or a two-stage approach is used, a large capacitance (requiring the use of electrolytic capacitors) is needed as energy-storage to cater for the difference between the input power from the ac mains and the almost constant power of the LED load. The input power of an off-line lighting system is typically a periodically pulsating function as shown in FIG. 1. For example, if power factor is close to one, the input voltage and current are in hase and thus the input power follows a pulsating waveform (similar to a rectified sinusoidal waveform). If the lighting load is of constant power, then the capacitors are needed to absorb or deliver the difference in power between the ac mains and the lighting load as shown in FIG. 1.\n\ncapacitors has been proposed. But the requirement for active ower switches in such proposal means that an electronic control board that provides the switching signals for the active power switches is needed and this electronic control oard needs a power supply that requires the use of electro- lytic capacitors. In general, electrolytic capacitors are needed in a de power supply for providing the hold-up time (i.e. to eep the de voltage for a short period of time when the input ower source fails.) Power electronic circuits that use active switches usually need a de power supply for the gate drive circuits that provide switching signals for the active elec- tronic switches. Therefore, it would be useful if a passive electronic ballast circuit can be developed for providing a stable current source for the LED load. A passive ballast circuit without active switches, electronic control board and electrolytic capacitors would be a highly robust and reliable solution that enhances the lifetime of the entire LED system. The remaining challenge is to determine how to provide a stable current source for the LED load based on a totally", "type": "Document"}}