{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/195-EP2398517(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "sample fabricated in accordance with an embodi- ment of the present invention. Figure 4 is a graph showing number of adhered bac- teria Staphylococcus aureus on the untreated titani- um alloy and 50Hz and 100Hz oxygen PIII&D treated titanium alloy samples after one hour of bacteria cul- turing. Figure 5A is a fluorescent micrograph of an untreated control titanium alloy sample. The green marks rep- resent live Staphylococcus aureus. Figure 5B is the fluorescent micrograph of a 50 Hz oxygen PIII&D treated titanium alloy sample fabri- cated in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. The green and red marks repre- sent live and dead Staphylococcus aureus respec- tively. Figure 5C is the fluorescent micrograph of a 100 Hz oxygen PIII&D treated titanium alloy sample fabri- cated in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. The green and red marks repre- sent live and dead Staphylococcus aureus respec- tively. Figure 6A is a fluorescent micrograph of an untreated control titanium alloy sample. The green marks rep- resent live mammalian cells of EGFP-expressing mouse osteoblasts. Figure 6B is the fluorescent micrograph of a 50 Hz oxygen PIII&D treated titanium alloy sample fabri- cated in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. The green marks represent live mammalian cells of EGFP-expressing mouse oste- oblasts. Figure 6C is the fluorescent micrograph of a 100 Hz oxygen PIII&D treated titanium alloy sample fabri- cated in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. The green marks represent live mammalian cells of EGFP-expressing mouse oste- oblasts. Figure 7 is an illustration of the controllable release mechanism utilized in an embodiment of the present invention. The bacterial protease cleaves the pep- tide bonding at the C-terminal side of glutamic acid and allows the release of antibacterial peptide. Figure 8A is a titanium alloy implant incorporated with an antibacterial peptide through linker mole- cules", "type": "Document"}}