{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/064-US7,976,568(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "takes into account the viscoelastic behavior of the spine. Viscoelastic properties of the spine relate to its time depen- lent mechanical effect, i.e., the stiffness of spine decreases over the duration for which the force is applied. Such mechanical effect has been observed in spinal surgery, where the force required to hold tissue in tension decreases gradu- ally during the operation. The correction force applied by the correction system will also decrease as the tissues relax. This loss of tension within the correction systems can cause a partial recurrence of deformity subsequent to the correction. Consequently, conventional correction systems can cause a loss of correction for up to 15% as a result of this effect. Furthermore, because scoliosis correction is carried out instantaneously and only at the time of surgery with no time for the tissues to relax, the load on the spine rises rapidly. The increased load on the corrected spine limits the amount of correction force that is safely possible. Thus, viscoelastic behavior of spinal tissues can limit the amount of correction force and in turn the correction rate. If excessive correction forces are used, they can cause bony fractures. In addition, neurological deficit can occur due to rapid over-stretching of\n\nThe Luque system employs a spinal implant for scoliosis correction. The use of the spinal implant involves both convex technique and concave technique. The convex technique is usually used to treat patients with thoracic curve, whereas the concave technique is used on patients with lumbar curve or severe deformity. The Luque system uses sublaminar wiring as multiple segmental fixation points with attachment to a rod. and the L-shaped Luque rod. The sublaminar wiring provides fixation at various points along the instrumented area and allows the correction forces to distribute along the spine, thereby lowering the possibility of bone fracture and the need for post-operative immobilization.", "type": "Document"}}