{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/064-1539005(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "ment, a constant or substantially constant and controlla- ble force can be applied to the deformed spine portion post-operatively without the need for further manipula- tion. It will be appreciated that other embodiments for correcting spinal deformities are also within the scope of the present invention. [0023] Various spinal deformities can be using the de- vice of the present invention. For example, correction can be directed to the rotation around the longitudinal axis of the spine (apical vertebral rotation or rib hump), which is a typical accompaniment of scoliosis. In an ex- emplary method, correction can be gradually and fully conducted to correct scoliosis. In another exemplary method, a horizontal plane correction can be achieved. [0024] According to one aspect of the present inven- tion, a correction device is provided for correcting spinal deformities. The correction device can be formed in var- ious manners. In an embodiment, the correction device can comprise one or more elastic members that is capa- ble of providing a constant or substantially constant cor- rection force. For example, a superelastic or pseudoe- lastic material can be used to provide a constant or sub- stantially constant correction force. In an exemplary em- bodiment, the correction device can comprise one or more correction member formed of a superelastic or pseudoelastic or a similar material to afford such a cor- rection force. The superelastic or pseudoelastic material can acquire the required superelasticity or pseudoelas- ticity, such as by thermal or thermal mechanical treat- ment. For example, the superelastic or pseudoelastic material can have a transition temperature within the range of body temperature. In an exemplary embodi- ment, a NiTi alloy can be used. Various manners of con- structing the correction device will be described in great detail below. The correction device can comprise one or more support members in various forms. For example, the support member can", "type": "Document"}}