{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/194-US8,482,214(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "FIG. 5 shows a circuit diagram based ona standard valley- fill circuit. In the actual simulation as shown in FIG. 6, a small number of LED devices are represented by individual diodes and a large number of the LED devices are represented by an equivalent resistor that has the same voltage drop and con- sumes the same power of that group of LED devices when the rated current flow through these series connected devices. A valley-fill circuit with a voltage doubler as shown in FIG. 8 can also be used if desired. Ifmultiple LED modules are used as shown in FIG. 8, current-balancing devices can be added to ensure that each LED array module shares the same current.\n\naspect present passive circuit of FIG. 9 is used to drive a series of 3 W LEDs. In the simulation, three diodes are used while the rest of the diodes are represented as an equivalent resistor as explained previously. FIG. 10(a) shows the simulated input voltage and current of the entire system. It can be seen that the input current waveform is not a sharp pulse (as would be expected from a diode bridge with an output capacitor) and the power factor has therefore been improved. FIG. 10(6) shows the input power of the system. FIG. 11(a) shows the simulated voltage and current of the LED module. The inductor is designed so that the LED rated current of 1 A (for the 3 W LED devices) is not exceeded in this example. Despite the pulsating input power, the reduction of the voltage fluctuation. due to the use of the valley-fill circuit and the filtering effect of the inductor have smoothed the load current considerably. FIG. 11(5) shows the total LED power and individual LED power. It can be seen that the power variation is within 1.2 W to 3 W (i.e. 60%) in this example. This simulation study confirms that a passive circuit without electrolytic capacitors and active switches can be designed to provide a current source with controlled current ripple for a LED system with", "type": "Document"}}