{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "/home/guanzhideng145/research/ip_portal/patent_kg/patents/064-1539005(active).pdf"}, "page_content": "to, hooks, screws, wires, clamps, and the like. In an ex- emplary embodiment, the anchor member can be par- tially formed of a superelastic or pseudoelastic material, such as NiTi, or other materials with similar properties. [0030] In one exemplary embodiment, at least one an- chor member can be in the form of a transverse traction member. The transverse traction member can be con- nected between the support member and a vertebra of the spine directly or via another anchor member. The transverse traction member can be formed to provide an independent correction force of a constant or substan- tially constant value. For example, the transverse traction element can comprise a superelastic or pseudoelastic material or other similar materials. In one exemplary em- bodiment, the independent correction force generated by the transverse traction member is capable of correct- ing the spinal deformities without using a superelastic support member. In another exemplary embodiment, the independent correction force generated by the trans- verse traction member can be used to reinforce, reduce, terminate, or otherwise adjust the correction force gen- erated by the support member. Exemplary transverse traction members can include, but are not limited to, su- perelastic spring members, adjustable cylinders, internal motors, gear boxes, and the like. It will be appreciated that other embodiments of the transverse traction mem- ber and the anchor member are also within the scope of the present invention. [0031] The anchor members can be locked onto the support member and the deformed spine portion in var- ious manners. For example, the locking process can be carried out by tightening the anchor members. In an ex- emplary embodiment, the locking process can be carried out by using a surgical tool, such as a screw driver, via incision. In another exemplary embodiment, the locking process can be induced remotely without the need for open surgery. For example, the locking process can", "type": "Document"}}